and Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has warned that his country
will use enormous Force against Hamas as
the conflict there enters its fourth day
in an update this morning the Israeli
Army says it has more or less restored
control over the Gaza border after Hamas
Fighters broke through on Saturday it
also said it has found the bodies of
1500 Hamas
militants almost 690 people have lost
their lives on the Palestinian side
while around 900 have died in Israel
Hamas is now threatening to start
killing hostages if Israel carries out
more strikes without warning let's get
an update now from our International
editor Jeremy
boen inside Gaza it looks every bit as
if Palestinians are feeling the full
force of Israeli military power Israel
says Hamas is responsible for the
suffering of gaza's civilians
and its retaliation for the Hamas
attacks has only just begun Hamas has
threatened to start killing its Israeli
hostages the air strikes rolled on hour
after
hour Palestinian armed groups and
deterred kept up their own barrage of
Israel rockets in the air rockets in the
air Rockets our BBC team was in ashalon
in Southern Israel not far from the Gaza
border when a salvo came
in ashalon is so close to Gaza that
there is no more than a 10-second
warning Israel is moving in more
Firepower the next stage of the
offensive against Hamas looks certain to
be a ground offensive much bigger than
other incursions since Hamas took over
in Gaza in
2007 lines of cars outside a military
base on the road to Gaza were parked by
reservists as they reported for Duty
getting
ready saying their
goodbyes parents came to the base for a
few minutes with their sons we're
praying and I hope for the
best and it's tough times now and now
we're telling him to try and concentrate
on his mission
um without thinking too much about other
friends that got injured or
killed Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu broadcast to his
Nation he said Hamas has made a mistake
of historic
proportions we will he said exact a
price that will be remembered by them
and Israel's other enemies for
decades and now Israelis are waiting for
their government and army to act stot
the Israeli Town closest to Gaza
littered with the debris of War felt
like the essence of Israel's trauma
almost deserted except for security
forces Hamas has rocketed stat for years
but never before stormed in at the
center of the Hamas killing ground was
the police station they broke in and
used it as a Firebase to shoot civilians
as well as
soldiers blood from Israel's dead and
wounded smears the
walls even here in what is always a
Frontline town for Israelis this was not
supposed to happen they expected their
military backed up by the intelligence
services to protect them and the fact
that that didn't happen means that
recriminations but who might be
responsible have already started but at
the same time there is a strong sense of
national Unity with the country under
attack about what happens next in the
places that Hamas attacked Israeli
military as well as the few civilians
left are jumpy still shocked a ground
defensive didn't feel
imminent and in Gaza a few miles away
casualties come into the main hospital
the first few hundred of many more it
will get worse Palestinians and Israelis
once more caught on the Anvil of war in
a conflict a century old that is as
deadly as it's ever been Jeremy bow BBC
News well the Israeli city of ashalon
has come under heavy fire from Hamas
over recent days and our correspondent
Anna Foster is there for us this morning
Anna we've had an update in the last
hour or so from the Israeli military
haven't we what are they
saying
that's right Jo one of their main
focuses was really talking about what
they've do to to done to try and secure
this area these Southern Israeli border
communities that were infiltrated and
attacked in the early hours of Saturday
morning what they have said is that they
are pretty sure that they have now
secured these areas once again they
can't say 100% they know that they have
managed to block the holes in the fence
that Hamas militants broke through with
diggers and bulldozers and used to
actually come in they know that the
fence itself is secure but what they
can't say is whether or not there are
any Still Still any Hamas militants who
are actually on this side already who
are perhaps hiding out uh they say it is
a possibility and it's something that
they are continuing to review continuing
to review the security of I mean you can
even see this morning the the military
vehicles coming by it shows you the
amount of presence that they have in
this area there are also still things
like tunnels that need to be taken into
consideration there are tunnels that
exist between Gaza and these Southern
Israeli border communities they are much
harder for the military to find and
locate because they're underground
they're very difficult to detect so I
think that is why there is still just
that that small caveat that small note
of caution from the Israeli military
that they have managed to mainly secure
this area but they can't say for sure
they say they found the bodies of 1 and
a half thousand Hamas militants in this
area and they've also updated us as well
about the ongoing air strikes on Gaza
200 different sites they say uh were
struck overnight as they attempt to try
and degrade hamas's capability and send
that very strong warning that you were
talking about that Israel will not
tolerate the kind of violence that was
seen here on Saturday and we've seen
pictures of the Israeli military
Gathering a talk of a potential ground
offensive going into Gaza what does that
mean for the mood of people there in
Israel where you are trying to get on
with their with their
lives that's right I mean at the moment
it it feels almost impossible for people
here to try and maintain some kind of
ordinary life and and I should say that
that is that is in communities like this
one who are used to regular missile
attacks from from Gaza many people who
live in these areas they know where the
safe areas are they have bomb shelters
many of them or they'll go and and hide
in in doorways or stairwells even
children at school kindergart and
children out they know what to do when
the sirens go off so these are people
who are used to this kind of thing
happening but but the size and the scale
of what we've seen in the last few days
this almost constant bombardment of
missiles that have been coming in from
Gaza means that a lot of people have
chosen if they can to move further away
to take their families at almost out of
range if it's possible I mean we
certainly moving around yesterday three
times had to go into bomb shelters
because missiles Rockets coming from
Gaza were so close to hitting us and in
terms John of that that ground offensive
that you were talking about this is
something that Israel are considering
right now but to actually put Israeli
troops into Gaza is enormously difficult
it's very densely packed uh there is a
huge civilian population there as well
and there are Israeli hostages being
held in Gaza so we've seen military
hardware I can actually hear tanks
moving just away to my left we've seen a
lot of the military hardware gathering
in this area here but I think Israel is
still considering very carefully what
its next move will be and when it will
start to implement that okay Anna Foster
live for breakfast in Israel thank you
for
that meanwhile meanwhile Israel has
carried out air strikes on Gaza
throughout the night with military
claiming to have hit 200 targets there
are worries that the Gaza Strip could
now be on the brink of a new
humanitarian crisis if supplies are not
allowed in well earlier on breakfast a
Palestinian Aid worker described a
situation faced by many civilians there
what colleagues are saying what my
family is saying in Gaza is that it's
never been this bad um they have lived
through almost six escalations and they
live under blockade there's really
nowhere to flee in Gaza
um very few already are crammed in very
few shelters there's no money to go
through Egypt and and crossings allowing
materials to Israel have been closed um
it's being bombarded from the air from
the land from the sea and really it's
deja vu for gazin and you know we we
need to ensure that this ends once and
for all and everybody's
exhausted I think we can show you uh
live pictures now uh from Gaza uh which
is where uh the is Air Force have said
in a statement just a short time ago
that 200 targets have been hit overnight
that's across the Gaza Strip now that's
Gaza City you're looking at at the
moment you can see smoke Rising there
from from some areas we just heard from
Oxfam talking about the problems of of
trying to get medication and food and
water in there and they're worried that
it's only going to become more of a
challenge in the hours and days ahead at
UNICEF calling this warning for a
humanitarian Corridor in and out of Gaza
uh as those supplies are cut but uh
clearly the situation there tents on the
ground on both sides of the Border as
Anna was explaining to us uh as we wait
to find out what Israel will do next in
retaliation to those attacks by Hamas
militants within Israel on
Saturday